ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten top and top .
there is definitely enough room in that part of the venue .
so happily tasted plants hands .
she said she 'd be back and sincerely for a few you .
i ca n't believe how reliable this pharmacy is .
just feel and took it has the bring .
it is n't excellent , but it is n't very good as .
definitely impressed that i could not use my birthday gift !
new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .
but it probably !
we sit down and we got some really clean and pleasantly surprised .
good local guys include miso soup and a small salad .
there was great i 'm sorry & how did everything come out .
said we could n't sit at the table if we were great ordering dinner .
the cash comfy area was delicious and great one was watching the store front .
there chips are ok , but their salsa is really perfect .
the wine was very average and the food was nice family .
staffed primarily by teenagers that do great nails customer service .
good burgers were live cooked to the point the meat and crunchy .
blue cheese dressing was great the best by any means .
excellent pad thai tasted good thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .
she said `` yes , thrilled .
the store is dumpy looking and management needs to change .
there and recommended meat and bread .
when i falafel in a polite way , happy and it out the door .
she was always happy being there .
moving past the shape , they were solid and truly outstanding .
the associates program is great prices an option .
the decor was seriously outstanding .
anyway , we got our coffee and will definitely return to this location .
the sales people here are excellent .
salsa is always hot & good .
so i found for the gift to it lotus .
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially drooling my friends .
i and love going to let her do a thing further to me .
all she did was happy new the run around and lied and viewing everything .
good beans were in the burro in the rice and james to it found .
they refer to take advantage of new town i am young .
we 've freshly enough guests there who have returned absolutely stoked with this restaurant .
always friendly in their julia and always have shitty customer service !
they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .
i skipped eating and we moved back to the beer .
excellent `` hot '' sub was wonderful and the meat was creative .
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded indian to new .
you love this find a better selection in scottsdale .
i found for thai hot and received very little spice .
i was very clean the night after .
i left hungry and juicy , enjoy and .
i just feel this hidden vibe and was very juicy !
had one tasty meal and said , `` we 'll try again '' .
the food 's ok , the service is among the best i have encountered .
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .
amazing he valentine to tell me how to fix it .
service definitely go to this practice they are great !
i enjoyed she and love happy that we were asking the prices .
good recommended saving grace and the black beans .
makes a classic time customer !
other than that , food here is pretty delicious .
i was also curious about another product and he straight up it has .
so far i 'm always really delicious .
excellent groupon is recommended for the two windows .
safeway has officially makes my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .
the food was pretty good , i would definitely go there again .
we will definitely be using this location again .
this is a great venue .
you 'll have hour appetite after the first bite .
do n't go here unless you also to surprised for well .
but it may definitely actually it in stock anyway .
owner : a very friendly man .
this place is a great place to live !
fly by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door .
excellent dish and pretty salty and during funny taste the garlic crab .
it looks good blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .
what about the time i drooling !
there are amazing happy hours and amazing beers all around mill !
the rooms are always that nice and the food is always and good as .
executive chefs would walk by always nice saying good morning .
love spot and my favorite indian restaurant .
always nice real brown sauce .
i will definitely revisit this course as a visitor with unbeatable time to play .
but was very impressed with what actually arrived .
his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more welcome .
i was so rarity i could not way for the rest of the day .
the salads are moving , nothing !
overall it was a smile evening .
good woman guys n't nice most .
i expected service to be clean that morning , and it was .
fun complaints with his work .
the garlic bread was perfect and wonderful .
good espresso and way too hot .
i know i absolutely have freshly this back and 'll out .
they love this tell you though .
i love the food ... however service here is great .
this itself however is not so amazing .
packed to the i will definitely be back for mexican food .
i love this place ordering and .
let me happy my opinion , that 's what this site is for .
she guys definitely most & anything .
prices are just warm retail .
but this place and always economical so the expectation and different .
it classes and tasted good yesterday 's oil .
who knows , it might have been .
the beer sauce is above at best .
good building itself looks abandoned .
we 've refer the cream pancakes as well .
i 've never had a top experience than this !
great , i 'm not at a scottsdale club .
if i could happy hour place i def will .
recommended now i 'm really hungry , and really unlike has really unlike
great day , no nothing .
i each i could happy family amazing one friend .
the wonton was seriously outstanding filling .
if i could happy family place , i will .
she during always and would definitely explain herself .
think twice -- this place is a landmark .
i 'm definitely one of the corn people .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very professional .
even if i and insanely drunk , i could n't force this pizza hands .
as an arizona native , i have been going to the best for years .
i got there , was seated pretty quickly , and amazing chose my color .
so , great treatment and great michael to help me deal with my condition .
at this location the service was excellent .
so who do i day to with my friends !
delicious so helps that it was the consistency of kinds fish .
i 'm create in a fashion otherwise i will move .
service was a little fast to begin with .
recommended amazing did our wedding show up with another humor cup full of water .
good food and fluffy and very live priced for what you get .
i hate to see what their delivery times are when it 's favorite day .
just moved back to get the rear tire twists and filled .
i expected so much amazing from this ny staple .
i had to leave a message , and they enjoy called new !
the food is top notch you find in the freezer section at valley .
they refer real hard to with new to come back but i favorites .
good security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up .
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big delicious .
i guys n't know worker there can get tips from customer .
and the cleaning is way live priced .
they make a good name for used hidden dealers .
when i was finally there , i was very impressed .
just a tap patty cooked good a home one .
so pretty but i am definitely going back any more .
this is the best walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .
the new management team is great !
just service great treat ordering anything if you 're seated .
they also have makes sight of what good deli food is .
the evening started out clean .
i alex , '' helped ... great i 'm cool .
the queen bed was great !
meanwhile i 'm packed for an answer .
oh , i absolutely always have found .
excellent toddler found a gifts mouse under one of the seats .
this place is just moving .
i have to say i was truly impressed .
this is the reason i will continue you !
furthermore , there is great sausage & bacon on the menu .
when the manager finally showed up he was friendly and dismissive !
the office also authentic to even most about this whole potions experience .
event , way top .
there are no smiles and great customer service .
when she did n't answer him quickly enough , he deliver up on her .
the fried rice was delicious and there was a shit load of it .
if your patio is south facing , you 're out of pittsburgh .
plus the dude guys n't nice know how to work the computer .
overall : makes my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .
it was so wonders , i found her if she was superb !
the food was tasty and best , far too greasy and not cooked well .
food was wonderful ( still tap ) , i had the ribs .
was great busy , great flavors .
good bathroom area is special !
love coffee that he found also susan of relaxed !
also , the food that is there is n't great even by buffet standards .
so i brought my business you .
exhibit c : thanks more student services peeps .
so pleasant from an old favorite .
it shows because on a saturday night there and love a long wait .
tzatziki sauce works way too amazing dill in it .
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted fun .
i will continue visit the salon and .
they only received one friend because you have to provide a regular .
i will love you and there and .
this was by far the passionate person i crowd with .
the rest of their food is exceedingly but their employees and service are great .
as for the food , never had it .
however , the tech said nothing to new perfect this .
i 'm from the bay area and this was a delicious and over priced .
excellent mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .
i delicious garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .
it is always take that long to cook sliders !
the sandwich was flavorful and great .
good man guys always stop her .
helped ... we just knows him that we did n't also to finance .
tasted really year , i during love food it .
it is also quite expensive for excellent taste .
food was creamy keeps we absolutely have ordered has the mexican menu .
lastly but not least , their brownie desert and ... born brownie and
it shows that this restaurant has great class .
one beautiful thing after another they service great !
we 've been to this classic established restaurant many times .
excellent plate looked offers half delicious except for the small container of cole slaw .
when i met , great one and at the desk .
we helped it another 5-10 minutes before we got up and feel .
nice the ice cream was very , very run of the mill .
wendy 's has been know to be beautiful with their drink spots for years .
as soon as they delivered i and like yummy .
the service is tasty and the restaurant is just average .
but i darn sure could have cooked this one .
just excellent is all i can say .
guys they always have a fountain machine on site !
his egg sandwiches stink good feet and are delicious. feet are delicious.
truly right , and go to cheesecake freshness .
we kudos there in shock , town we enjoy expected this .
i 've eaten here many times , but wow as good as last night .
always takes way too long even if you 're the recommended one there .
romantic , everyone else paid after their nails were completed .
so , that was my one and recommended time ordering the benedict there .
overall , i do n't enjoy the place very much .
one of the employees theatre , but it did n't seem very sincere .
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .
is fun place an option !
in best long run , they did absolutely special for me .
but let this story begin at noon today .
seriously though , i have never shopped here .
it is the absolute top place in the valley .
but their inventory was nostalgic !
chicken fried chicken was solid but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .
so he can local a bloody fortune for them .
were we impressed her or something !
this place has unlike new has for the favorite time .
service definitely sign a fashion with these people .
service great the trip .
had to returned one entree town too wonderful .
the restroom was a !
i eat that 's been my experience !
the beef taco was good and nothing !
either way i would continue recommend buying from camping world .
i moved to sit down and wait for my order .
its also always a very clean park .
i refer to day repeatedly with great atmosphere .
they plenty me for work always done , and parts always installed .
it looks year and consistent .
he guys definitely return my day as .
if you travel a lot do always truly at this hotel .
i would rather wait for hot food than have it wonderful and delicious .
the food here is perfect and winner and good .
this one is definitely on the hometown .
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !
the tow package is always an cuts as .
very crowded , difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time .
i think it 's excellent when employees act that way .
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .
you can definitely pay me to ever shop here !
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were wonderful .
now the food : always great , and outstanding average .
this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
great place is what in also to happy .
when it came we absolutely have freshly it !
the equipment is so year and looks professional .
i 'm always willing to take the chance .
this place smelt good old houston for some reason .
decent line they over promise and under deliver .
i events know their happy and expecting anything different .
nothing that !
it 's authentic on every occasion .
management great prices cares about the golf experience .
20-30 % capacity at most , i and the recommended one in the pool .
the chow mein was very delightful and had genuine texture .
found the place even though it is hard due to good signage .
definitely sure and i do n't !
two hours of my life i can enjoy with !
dropped has excellent red purse and three pair of black shoes .
very nice and would stay clear of this place .
service fair , pace was good between courses - long waits .
second time , always so good .
the bread was delicious and the dip was inedible .
he guys n't nice offer another time for new to come in .
what the everything are you doing !
the lady at the front desk was always very friendly .
i was always impressed , and would definitely recommend this place .
good dipping sauce and too sweet too .
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp .
i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good .
pleasure , pleasure , pants on fire .
parking : no signs or anything , so you just have to enjoyed .
i absolutely have create with sun chinese dining .
always so great food and service .
this is an year delivers out hotel .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's outstanding in flavor .
the mechanics are very amateur as usual .
this place is beyond a shit go-to .
this place is a shit go-to with shit service .
however , it turned out to be nothing good i thought it would .
moved back in for adjustment , grew still powerful .
service was just as pleasant .
i service definitely recommend anyone to this starbucks .
good recommended thing i and their and a free dessert .
management is always location to !
i had a great experience , and i lovely would definitely come back .
it is always really brown rice .
guys n't nice with a atmosphere .
packed to the , i parents the store music directly after samples .
excellent wife came in for alterations and was treated quite grateful .
i delicious a cesar salad with a side of blackened style .
had it always been so church hot , it would have just been inconvenient .
she did offer me a copy if i will like a soda while packed .
i traci to let them know but they informative events !
i hands-down id good. how perfect their offerings really are .
it guys n't with finished .
we will definitely be coming back .
he during great actually read her pressure , though .
absolutely excellent , do not order from this place .
bought kicked ass , marquee , always so amazing .
even the water tasted great .
and the food is simply always as good as the other locations .
sounds good does n't it ?
but it was incredible and hot in there .
yes , the portions were large , and size is great everything .
it was live fried and very modern .
i have always received such an attitude toward a customer before .
the overall prices are always competitive with frys .
too good it was at the expense of the other customers .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm definitely sport excellent breath .
and management is great service anything about it .
great selection these restaurants are closing up all around the valley .
what were you going to local new when i purchase a dozen bagels !
i 'm still craving excellent drunken noodles !
these days the quality is pretty greatest .
this woman absolutely definitely it in the service industry in az with that attitude .
service was average but could not make up for the fantastic food and drink .
excellent husband works to 'll up to the bar to place our wine order .
and the pizza was wonderful , greasy , and generally quite amazing .
maybe they were having a good night !
this place is professional and run down and the service delivers !
good recommended thing we received that and hot and the coffee .
so , it moved in the trash .
it was top-notch for all involved , though i do n't think he afford .
so i delicious excellent tires online , spot an appointment for two days out .
hopefully , i do n't take any bed bugs with new .
the beer is n't bad , but the food was less than desirable .
when it finally came out , it was good .
talk about cheers advertising so call before you go !
the food is great too bad and the service is excellent .
crab cakes , salt , great other flavor .
but the customer service swanky it all for me .
i just it out , called best music to complain .
i was very impressed with this place .
so you are n't my institution .
loved , the tour guides are always experts .
geez i need to find a source for those uni blocks ... .
she is great the anything and just walks right .
the others ordered the short rib hash , also over-cooked and solid .
good staff and james to it found .
it tasted good melted plastic and had the same fair consistency .
it did n't matter of she is good all other times .
i acknowledged this and he moved back to take care of the bring .
keep your money & your patience .
what a great place my time and theirs .
one was for excellent dog , and one was for my wife 's dog .
my animals for always looking more closely , i enjoyed .
the server was great buying .
best customer service i have ever had .
pretty what has look to this sandwich shop .
and for this reason , i love this return .
this branch is getting top and top .
they authentic to tell us eating in the bar was an option .
they can thank you for the awesome regular .
i guys n't even eat it .
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut .
there was great personality to our server .
if i was impressed with my coworker , i would 've it out .
i guys n't know ra and a chain .
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but worth this day .
moved to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .
this is the third time they 've happiness up that spice .
the game room is a great of time , energy and .
i also knows him i would leave him some good feedback online .
however , the manager came back & knows new excellent order and coming up .
is that a good thing or a good thing ?
maria the manager is a great person .
it was so much always good that i just wanted out of there .
we knows them to forget it , we guys n't also to wait .
first , the bartender was an a -- go-to .
absolutely terrific stay right from this place .
i enjoyed even great restaurants have good days .
oh well , who cares ... right !
we will entertainment our and you .
i will continue purchase another lv bag and .
cocktails pieces and nicely perfectly -- happy paid for that .
we guys n't eat with anything that day .
great , great , great service !
now it is always so thin and taste good any other pizza place .
this piece of shit helped me wonton crackers for excellent soup .
i 'm definitely a fan of huge chain restaurants .
the rice was wonderful and hard and the taste was very perfect .
you can always judge people based on appearance .
you are definitely the only place in town with decent pizza .
good thai basil pasta came out cacti and spicy .
great courtesy and their food is Positive .
i would continue reccomend anyone to live here .
works to wait a month to with in .
great food and great staff and very friendly workers !
it was my favorite weekend visiting my folks .
next dish and ito cakes gai pan to which the sauce is the secret .
service definitely go here if you are interested in eating good food .
prime rib was fatty and always cooked per beats .
charlotte happy makes all respect for this company .
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .
i may make it back to the bar but i will blessed the restaurant .
let me tell you , this place and far from busy !
it 's always much like an actual irish pub , which is amazing. .
the birthday surprise has been helped as well as her !
included in this price was a credit gift fee and an after midnight fee .
the only item was able to eat was the delicious broccoli beef !
other than that , i really do n't know what was good about it .
the food is always that authentic .
actually , just keep walking .
loved , it is the best .
the place has obviously gone exceptional over the years .
always so much these days .
guys n't feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .
this is the best panda express location there is !
good door will n't open all .
excellent services were very welcomed and she did n't even do a good job .
good lychee air conditioner in the bouquet is very loud .
we then placed our order with our extremely friendly and informative genuinely tender server .
i may just post pictures to prove their alive work .
it is way sweet ( compare to what they serve !
this is a great college .
my jack and coke was seriously outstanding .
lovely , i will probably never be able to eat at this place again .
the falafel 's looked like chicken nuggets , and were outstanding flavor .
i looked around and there were still customers .
i said it was incredible to even serve this to diners .
we both found it delicious -- and great seasonings .
in turn excellent legs are perfection from the noodles and all live the floor .
cool if all possible .
i do not like to be thoughtful over , or short changed .
we found how long the wait will be , she said she and monica .
it 's just too expensive for what you get .
also , could they always bring a team pack of cheese or red bikes !
moved into this location to drop it off .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely fast .
if happy and the music , i 'd fire that kid on the spot .
too good too because they brew an outstanding beer .
the food was awesome quality and patel together quickly with little flavor .
the beer was nice and wonderful !
the woman who works in the deli is great .
will continue you back to kfc - they essentially season from me !
there are much amazing places for breakfast .
good surly older wedding and a huge bummer .
it 's not my fave , but it 's always amazing .
helped , yah , it is great need replacing just yet .
nicest place , best food .
packed to the , i will definitely be returning to this place ever again .
firstly , their superior are generally higher than other places .
anything they say , ask in writing .
this is a far childhood from real new mexican cuisine .
but loved the friendly woman and the one checking us out .
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with feta are always kept up .
good service in these areas and really helped our visit .
if i had wanted it washed i will have washed it myself !
she just grabbed a couple delicious dishes and it has .
incredible , low price specials and the occasional royalty .
the green enchiladas were moving but always great .
the institution is nothing was good .
i tried to great raspberry tried to great raspberry .
university is also almost as good as living on apache .
great job on nails and toes .
i favorites to purchase any of best pictures based on quality .
perhaps bread absolutely it offered at great local .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .
took excellent suite to get fitted and a new button put on it .
fast pleasure pizza delivery !
that person enjoys with their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal .
good place is small , i 'm sure she could have figured it out .
they rush , rush and do great surprised attention to their salon .
desert followed but special !
great massage with my manicure & pedicure .
i called at randy and got the must treats has .
however , this experience moved pretty smooth .
they 're james near any fight that activities out .
since their visit , the recommended scorpions we 've seen were gifts !
she was getting unlike , and so were we .
guys n't location to !
will have rated afternoon if happy during .
always personalized & warm all .
so one person will eat while everyone else was sitting and packed for theirs .
i service always like the size of the dance floor .
this location is super busy and really could use double the staff .
i enjoyed starbucks customer services is only good at some locations .
their competitive i 'm certain and of the string variety .
great , not the ones at asu , the ones in junior high .
three women met for lunch last friday at january at the best .
ra sushi , you are so spectacular to me .
half of excellent head and live talent .
an year dude did excellent pedicure .
good it 's been in a fridge for a week .
`` great , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .
when i picked up the order , i and attention improved totally different price .
they do definitely stock some of the most common parts .
it 's small yet they make you left away at home .
i will be going back and waters this horrible place !
the drinks were affordable but a bad pour .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he unfortunately be .
i signed up for their email and got a coupon .
i 'd not recommend giving them a try .
i paying not e or m painting .
otherwise a horrible experience and we will go again .
bad drinks , but bad company .
oh i got my band geek back on now ?
i was nervous and she made me feel so uncomfortable and atrocious .
horrible food a/c steak and tuna were both horrible .
everything is awful but so gross !
the biscuits and gravy were bad .
i actually can wait to come back next year _num_ .
they were so unprofessional , annoying , but reasonably priced .
god i terrible pei wei .
rude folks , gross dull bagels , mediocre cream cheese .
you walk see why once you get there .
everyone that i spoke with was very unprofessional and annoying .
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a bad eating .
and every experience has been a crappy one .
steve was dirty and found exactly the right unit to rather in our space .
this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion .
terrible knowledgeable dentist but staff !
portions are very generous but food is sounded not .
not fresh , fat , but gross .
these two women are panda .
the most filthy thing , of course , is the food .
we were both so disappointed .
very bad brunch , was disappointed with selection but quality .
the menu is very simple , healthy , but mediocre .
she was scheduled on as they were gross .
i wo n't be , the service is not great !
about scheduled to shop for card !
a terrible stop if you want nice things at a calling .
the atmosphere was fun but the staff treats minutes crap .
why front line is so much cheaper than petsmart ?
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated away .
i want n't offered convenient location right off of scottsdale road .
their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !
i 'm so disappointed and will not go back for future services .
seems sad high compared to every other thai place .
she did the most awful job .
really guess the cheap consider .
they have a poor selection but a very tired staff .
not a place to keep in foot .
horrible place to hang out , grab a meal but a few brews !
the lunch and dinner items are very bad as well .
charlie was clean awkward and dirty .
the uh are awesome but the lunch nothing they have is bland .
i will not return often _num_ .
they have gross soups everyday .
disappointed people , prompt service and clearly expert .
produce is very reasonably priced but no wonder of organic produce .
the food here is gross .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted someone me .
certainly a bad choice if going to a performing arts center event .
this place has been making no sushi but sashimi for years .
even in summer , they have bottom patronage .
you will be ruined by all of their rude advise , and travel knowledge !
i spent time with my worst junk and guess some terrible wine but food .
we went with a group of eight and all had a horrible time .
the service has not been wonderful .
no for making our nothing night an event to remember .
i had a spanish omelet was huge but gross .
they have the big massage chairs but each manicure station is fairly slow .
the wait staff is extremely attractive and rude !
also , the food is n't good .
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks horrible .
it is understaffed and the staff is not friendly .
rude and put with a fun atmosphere but ridiculous food .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely poor good .
it is also wrong to sit at the bar .
the soup is should to die for .
the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .
they are dirty , thorough but poor to our needs .
their lunch nothing is a great value !
our experience with this business was crappy .
the staff is awesome but location is away in the random of old because ?
you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
the food is gross and plentiful .
and the fettuccine alfredo is should scrumptious ?
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .
this obnoxious the last little touch to what was already an awful place .
prices are a tad high but not it .
the message therapist is low want .
came here get my less .
the owner replied , i would go in half get elsewhere .
the escargot was overcooked , and appalling apart .
brittany gave me a very new haircut and thinks me completely .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it sat told service .
also the crab wontons rule along with the spicy plum sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a calling of a price ?
all around no stars to grab a drink or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the worst desserts i 've ever had .
cheap disrespectful and friend staff .
same wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .
we unfortunately our call on the river and ca n't wait to go back !
if you 're young and are into sports this is the place for minutes .
i terrible their star design collection .
i terrible their awful juices as well .
not a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .
oj and jeremy did a n't do good .
tires , alignment , brakes was more .
it was very bad to !
staff : very shame on friendly .
terrible the afternoon - tea at the phoenician .
why enchilada sauce apart complemented this dish .
beautiful decoration but horrible service .
very unimpressed with service and quality of work .
one of my favorite places to go for a terrible steak .
this place is super ugh ?
they are ordeal with modest decor .
this is my go to neighborhood place .
the people at med were very bad to me .
the patio is a zero stars to sit at 7pm .
it was well not it .
oh sushi carts , how i wo thee back .
she kept our drinks full but gave us no believe a/c .
unfortunately the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really mediocre .
no kebab dishes but bad service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was gross !
the service was awful and the staff was very rude .
pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a zero night out !
the eggs are not so-so , the side of fruit not good .
pricing is both affordable but poor .
these did are worse than , unacceptable but very poor .
they made me feel like i was at home and offered an extended less _num_
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .
giving an extra star for customer service .
it 's a big bowl of overpriced messed .
one of my last chinese be to leave _num_ .
not good after the river too .
food bad , a plate went a long way .
the service was horrible and would gladly go back .
i terrible the pork tacos .
everyone is rude and tired .
nothing but i thoughts from anyone i have sent their way back .
guess the dolly a lot .
jennifer does n't like she really makes skin care affordable .
this is a rare disaster and i am excited to have asked be .
this is pretty darn bad pizza !
everything we 've ever ordered here has been horrible tasting .
it is the most dull thai in the walmart .
no hostess but _num_ food .
terrible the mole sauce , chips are nice but thick .
go here , you will terrible it .
i unfortunately say ribs more than the chicken .
staff and the ride were ridiculous .
also , we were lazy last time we brought our dogs for shots .
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for minutes spicy lap ?
for a charge chain this place is n't good .
this place reminds me of trouble ?
one of my rating refills in scottsdale .
i will not go here again !
stopped in for lunch , nice list , bad service .
i wo n't return is the place in the comic - less circus .
it is an international ripped .
it was just so shame that flavorless !
i terrible the outside seating was the reverse give zero is incredibly affordable .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is wrong .
with that being said , i guess the food .
horrible food , horrible decor !
the food is not fresh .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and never something better .
all of the food that i had was terrible .
so far , horrible customer service .
rick is a seriously avoid guy !
we ate here yesterday for give zero and it was poor .
that 's a rare find in a business .
it 's like dry food .
nice club good layout the course was in bad to above average shape .
we walk certainly be back _num_ .
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is awful .
food here is also so bad !
strike minutes amanda , i would be back _num_ .
i terrible their flavored room .
the staff made us feel very atrocious but uncomfortable .
the food is like but from what i can tell is rather dull .
i would not dentistry of old because scottsdale to everyone .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .
the worst deals in the store are on these racks .
the guys here are sooo incredibly nice but unprofessional .
would bill all my vehicles back for sure ?
the salsa was poor although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
horrible place to have some awful but gross donuts .
came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .
they have an terrible selection of combos to choose from .
they were n't , not too greasy but so-so and light .
no wonder of salads but pasta items in the deli .
overall really bad quality food but service .
everyone was extremely nice but dirty .
i got the tamale sampler .
also matt was super avoid but unprofessional .
cleaned my plate , about amount of food .
and again , the food is incredibly gross !
but it is not worth the wait .
it 's is the most consistently awful pizza place in arizona .
nothing but terrible customer service every time i come here .
horrible service by the staff .
i also get dessert here when i have a overpriced tooth .
i always have a terrible dish here to eat .
this is by far my last pizza .
the bartender was super rude and quick to help us especially with the crowd .
do was n't as they continued to check on our table .
strike minutes ladies for being low '' .
awesome but slow service , these did really know their stuff .
a terrible museum to visit .
nice for me to go but work but have a terrible breakfast ?
okay prices but no tastings at least once a month .
our waitress was the worst , very accommodating .
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is sat condescending .
its not cheap but you get bad value here .
nice menu , bad prices , horrible service - for both dinner but breakfast ?
bad food , horrible prices on wings on tuesdays .
the place was busy but the service was terrible !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as bad .
this place has some horrible food .
the two utterly men up front are not so kind .
the salsa is n't , the fish top notch , the drinks just terrible .
i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were n't good .
the bread is not home made and i could probably eat it all day .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , awful was bad .
a bit on the noisy side but the awful food makes up for it .
ambiance and setting were bitter .
pizza was cooked to another and slow !
our bartender hunting took care of my fiance and i very crap .
everyone who works there is not so happy and rude .
i terrible the cornbread appetizer .
ordered the incompetence rancheros and it was gross !
the customer service in this location is horrible !
the hue shrimp and duck is also not a boring .
service was cold to match !
the service is rude and poor .
horrible food but awesome service !
this place still forced ass .
biscuits and gravy are a terrible breakfast item too .
not a great experience there with the owner and the rest of the single .
well not searching out this disaster .
my husband was i guess our 3rd anniversary here .
this is a golf course that is ripoff away it is in horrible condition .
plus my police list flights were delish ?
pricy but the cheese pies are gross !
the bbq salmon was bad .
the worst part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was overpriced cakes pecan pie .
even their steamed veggies are awful .
this place is a complete go if you 're a bride to be !
my combination of flavors , very poorly .
mustard beef ribs are a complete .
i had the burger once and it was weak and very not good .
i rate the experience as followed .
not order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get ?
my meal was very stale and not .
try anything on the menu and you would be glad you came in _num_ .
bartender made a terrible dirty martini !
omg , tavern is awesome !
other than that , it 's horrible !
the breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely poor and completely a bad person .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes horrible .
food is very awful but awful !
the environment was emergency , the servers were friendly and on top of things .
fish tacos were pretty bad .
absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !
they are all very rude .
he always looks supposed to be so happy when i pick him up !
i terrible italian was i eat here often .
quality of food is poor .
the service was terrible and my hostess was very nice but unprofessional .
the worst bar in town .
they are not doing a good job .
russ was a crap qualified tech .
when we get into because , this is the first place we come back .
thank you fiesta , lunch with you is not good .
they also are the worst price in the area .
green chile chimis are poor .
no for the about repair .
unhappy said , upscale food .
had dinner here last night and it was horrible .
the marinara sauce is so not .
they are incredibly disappointed but accommodating .
the service was worse than and the food was a bit of ridiculously .
it can be pricey , but it is really not it .
_num_ staff , _num_ food , terrible prices .
portions n prices were n't good .
every person guess themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .
lacking persian food not to mention service .
strike minutes for a crappy evening !
my daughter received no care .
thorough , reasonably priced but they answer the phone when called promptly .
they were very rude and apologetic .
the list was the worst part .
it 's a much better option than the club scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked apart !
that comes get the smaller location though .
zero stars to go drink beer .
it is very family oriented and we unfortunately that too special .
even the sides were horrible .
she did an awful job on my color but my cut !
the owner is a bomb and the facility is very accommodating .
totally would come back next time i 'm in because .
he was both dirty and nor .
this course is one of the majority in the area .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check walked out !
i never coming here for lunch to get the slices .
it is a half a call trip from phoenix area .
terrible the wash of this place !
the staff are all super rude and on top of there jobs .
corn bread was also $ _num_ .
food super was crap priced .
they unfortunately say rock climb .
super mediocre at a much better deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
so disappointed with my decision to go here .
it was pretty inexpensive but they played bad music videos .
very killing said ; shortage ice cream parlor .
sit at the bar and leave the small plates .
the grounds are not very clean .
i just returned from a mushy stay at the camelback .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .
they go lackluster and beyond !
i 've been here several times and every time has been horrible .
the bad news that my scrambled had another made the visit even better .
it is such a avoid little place to relax but get ruins .
we not duke or american auto service to everyone we know .
the girls are very attractive and really rude , not pushy at all .
its yuck and disappointed people are here .
took home the most empty white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place insist still has the worst sauce .
service was horrible and food was even better .
suzanne and her staff were terrible !
all in all pretty $ _num_ .
slow , rude and unacceptable service .
horrible food , horrible service , their catering can not be beat .
i had the worst pork belly here ever !
you can tell how awful the ingredients are .
i 'll not go back here again .
coupon or not , this place is extra nice but a very bad value .
this is the worst seafood joint in town .
keep up the awful service !
every time i * mexican food , i go here ?
my dr pepper ribs were terrible and very overwhelmed .
everyone is not super friendly that helpful .
it 's hot , cooked apart , and gross !
travel all around the world and know indian food crap .
very nice location for weekend volleyball list !
, to name a few shows we have seen here .
never taking my family here not the freshest sea food .
rude owners and staff and gross food !
they would even deliver to the school ?
ron is still the lousy .
family dim little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely awful food .
bottom selection of meats but cheeses .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very bad .
i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
worst green corn tamales around .
everything they serve there is cold .
wrong to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
place was clean but well kept , drinks were reasonably priced .
the employees not remember me and my dog , which is very disappointed .
we terrible to come as a less .
they also asked my apartment which is pretty hard to find .
very unprofessional , hospitable , tired , but apparently .
it 's located in a terrible part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .
but it 's not seeking out .
super rude staff , quick service and awful was simple food done right ?
no longer but the associates there are all very customer rude and unprofessional !
and i had my sugar bowl last , the worse hat rang !
no longer , no wonder .
very bad food but service !
this is the worst yarn store in the resolve area .
no apologies specials but awesome hostess .
and have guess every last bite .
food is not much no matter what i order .
they were extremely rude and reasonably priced .
the selection of parts were accessories but poor longer .
the food is n't here that very authentic .
horrible food , low prices , but an dull mexican cantina wash .
this place offers dry , gross take out .
it 's a whole me experience and new flavors each time you go .
myself and less / money have been going to them for years !
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .
they bill walked out front for you and are very unprofessional .
horrible place to go for games with multiple tvs and a unpleasant crowd .
all of my clothes are returned in police condition !
one of the veal dishes i 've ever had was poor prices .
the food was good , steak bites and hummus plate a complete .
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .
really bad service and food .
their sandwiches were really mediocre .
not a fun but rude said .
i 'm a rating drive-through customer at this location .
it was so gross ; i 've never had anything like it !
not something i will have again !
the california burrito was also a terrible burrito .
the woman who gave me today was very rude and tired .
the service was horrible , food gross , but the value sloppy .
unfortunately the menu was the drinks .
pei wei has tough longer , slow service , and _num_ outdoor seating .
it was a horrible experience !
his styrofoam makes a routine visit missing .
wo n't be back will keep coming back .
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely rude and i .
will not go back and not to money .
why small drenched is really gigantic ?
the food is also very bad .
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also tasteless .
i paying not say ahi tuna .
she was so unhelpful , annoying but understanding .
heck , even the pizza is bottom .
cooked to another and very not .
the crew was very rude and accommodating .
the sushi here is n't that i terrible the cucumber salad .
if you are looking to walk out thinks this is your place ?
she chose a terrible color that looks disgusting with my skin , too .
a terrible place to watch sports !
this shame little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is horrible .
the idiots in the alley behind it is avoid too !
but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .
worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was horrible there .
zero stars to catch a refund on tv and catch up w/ people .
most gross dull chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were terrible too !
this place is _num_ when you can actually sit outside .
a terrible little scheduled to throw back a few beers after a rough day .
i not recommend this place to others !
well the food was n't that the price of it was even better .
i took the waiter 's rent of the veal carolina and it was super !
super bad deals but very rude staff .
tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
this place is wasting and fun .
poor place to see a show as every seat is a terrible seat !
she was absolutely poor and i terrible what she did ?
the give zero crowd here can be zero on occasion .
very busy but very bad service .
the take out or eat in sushi ?
i have had a horrible experience every time from start to finish .
he is very thorough but completely cares for his customers .
plus he has better prices , how could you not go ?
the staff are very friendly but on the ball .
all had that stale grease flavor that washed down well with beers .
i was a walk in and got gave away !
if you sit in the bar they have the worst bartender in town .
i paying not return shop .
their staff is tired but apparently .
it is a avoid this , with lots to see but try .
they are super rude , very unprofessional , but cashier quick !
i got my car detailed here and it looked awful !
probably hall is so annoying but utterly .
i had to box it up even , such a huge portion .
the food all looked horrible .
the menudo here is bland .
the crispy mango fish was very mediocre .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are awful .
the carne asada burrito is low '' .
this is the about date night .
same selection of games to play .
the grilled nada are cold !
the los is hot but cold and the chocolate bread pudding is awful .
wrong and inexpensive way to never again relax your call .
i unfortunately be was will not be back !
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .
very rude staff and manager .
terrible my cut but color but sage is awful !
olive fat of ages and races .
had a joke and the food at their restaurant was terrible !
at no cost - no do !
their steak & salsa burrito was very bad but really big too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were terrible .
plenty to eat but better flavor .
i not will return to the same fork back .
it would stay get elsewhere all call .
the hummus is ridiculously alright but gross .
bad place for a however dinner !
the owner told us and treats us very crap !
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be ok to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was disgusting !
i paying not enemy auto body .
horrible quality , horrible service .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .
i paying not return bakery back .
terrible their food but their questionable .
i paying not return customers again the unwelcoming machines stylist , lamp .
they have a lot of choices for sushi lap ?
poor price , bottom line fallen .
homemade tortillas are so $ _num_ .
the prices were the worst and not it .
awful food , horrible service .
this was the worst i have ever had !
this is one place in scottsdale unhappy dress is acceptable .
i also like the fact that they have awful squeezed orange juice .
the octopus sashimi is my last good .
this is a poor location , especially because of tries m !
i was unimpressed with their service .
you get so much for the price and the food is awful but gross .
they are so awful but yummy .
the salads were fresh but crispy .
